#+Title: AppsEndpoints checks of 1.9

* List of Apps Endpoint by family:

[[https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/tree/master/test/e2e/apps][Apps e2e test repo]]


*** Endpoint Deployment
deleteAppsV1CollectionNamespacedDeployment		1.20.0
patchAppsV1NamespacedDeployment	            	1.20.0
patchAppsV1NamespacedDeploymentStatus	       	1.20.0
readAppsV1NamespacedDeploymentStatus	      	1.20.0
createAppsV1NamespacedDeployment	          	1.9.0
deleteAppsV1NamespacedDeployment	            1.9.0
listAppsV1NamespacedDeployment	            	1.9.0
readAppsV1NamespacedDeployment	              1.12.0
replaceAppsV1NamespacedDeployment	            1.12.0

**Scale**
patchAppsV1NamespacedDeploymentScale	  	not tested
readAppsV1NamespacedDeploymentScale	      not tested
replaceAppsV1NamespacedDeploymentScale		not tested

[[https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.19/#patch-scale-deployment-v1-apps][Patch]]
[[https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.19/#read-scale-deployment-v1-apps][Read]]
[[https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.19/#replace-scale-deployment-v1-apps][Replace]]

**Status**
replaceAppsV1NamespacedDeploymentStatus		not tested


**status**
[[https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.19/#deployment-v1-apps][DeploymentStatus]]	Most recently observed status of the Deployment.

[[https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.19/#replace-status-deployment-v1-apps][Replace Status]]  replace status of the specified Deployment

**e2e Test**
[[https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/test/e2e/apps/deployment.go][Deployment.go]]


*** Endpoint DaemonSet
createAppsV1NamespacedDaemonSet		1.10.0
deleteAppsV1NamespacedDaemonSet		1.10.0
listAppsV1NamespacedDaemonSet	  	1.10.0
patchAppsV1NamespacedDaemonSet  	1.10.0
readAppsV1NamespacedDaemonSet	  	1.10.0
replaceAppsV1NamespacedDaemonSet	1.10.0

deleteAppsV1CollectionNamespacedDaemonSet	not tested
listAppsV1DaemonSetForAllNamespaces	      not tested
patchAppsV1NamespacedDaemonSetStatus    	not tested
readAppsV1NamespacedDaemonSetStatus	    	not tested
replaceAppsV1NamespacedDaemonSetStatus	  not tested

[[https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/test/e2e/apps/daemon_set.go][Daemon_Set.go]]




*** Endpoint NamespacedStatefulSet
createAppsV1NamespacedStatefulSet	     	1.9.0
deleteAppsV1NamespacedStatefulSet	    	1.9.0
listAppsV1NamespacedStatefulSet	      	1.9.0
readAppsV1NamespacedStatefulSet         1.9.0
readAppsV1NamespacedStatefulSetScale	  1.16.0
replaceAppsV1NamespacedStatefulSet	   	1.9.0
replaceAppsV1NamespacedStatefulSetScale 1.16.0

deleteAppsV1CollectionNamespacedStatefulSet	not tested
patchAppsV1NamespacedStatefulSet	          not tested
patchAppsV1NamespacedStatefulSetScale	    	not tested
patchAppsV1NamespacedStatefulSetStatus	   	not tested
readAppsV1NamespacedStatefulSetStatus	    	not tested
replaceAppsV1NamespacedStatefulSetStatus	  not tested

[[https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/test/e2e/apps/statefulset.go][Statefulset.go]]


*** Endpoint ControllerRevision
listAppsV1NamespacedControllerRevision		1.10.0

createAppsV1NamespacedControllerRevision	         	not tested
readAppsV1NamespacedControllerRevision	            not tested
patchAppsV1NamespacedControllerRevision	            not tested
replaceAppsV1NamespacedControllerRevision	        	not tested
deleteAppsV1CollectionNamespacedControllerRevision	not tested
deleteAppsV1NamespacedControllerRevision	        	not tested
listAppsV1ControllerRevisionForAllNamespaces      	not tested

No ControllerRevision.go file

*** Endpoint ReplicaSet
createAppsV1NamespacedReplicaSet	      	1.9.0
deleteAppsV1NamespacedReplicaSet	        1.16.0
listAppsV1NamespacedReplicaSet	          1.9.0
readAppsV1NamespacedReplicaSet	          1.9.0

patchAppsV1NamespacedReplicaSet	          	not tested
replaceAppsV1NamespacedReplicaSet	        	not tested

patchAppsV1NamespacedReplicaSetStatus	    	not tested
readAppsV1NamespacedReplicaSetStatus	      not tested
replaceAppsV1NamespacedReplicaSetStatus	   	not tested

patchAppsV1NamespacedReplicaSetScale	    	not tested
readAppsV1NamespacedReplicaSetScale	      	not tested
replaceAppsV1NamespacedReplicaSetScale	   	not tested

deleteAppsV1CollectionNamespacedReplicaSet	not tested




[[https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/test/e2e/apps/replica_set.go][ReplicaSet.go]]
